Modified base on daily scrum...

Q: In real-time do we need to get data by writing queries on databases?

	While working with databases [relational databases, i.e Oracle, SQL Server, Teradata etc.]
	we need to write SQL coding to bring the data or if the code is already written we need
	to call it.
	

	If you work with cube databases (multi-dimensional or tabular), we need to write 
	MDX or DAX queries to bring the data or if the code is already available, we need to call it.
	

Q: How much data we can pull from sources?
	You can pull and place (keep in Power BI Desktop) limited volume in Power BI Desktop
	[as it is a file, file can't store more volumes). Below 1 GB performs faster, till 10 Gb we can
	keep and operate with decreased performance.

	What if we have more volumes of data at storages?
		There is a special mode called "Direct Query / Connect Live" available to bring
		the structure and perform operations in PBI Desktop.
	How much volumes of data you worked on?
	I worked on data sizes from MBs to GBS in Desktop in import mode, 
	more sizes handled using Direct query mode.

Q: How come you use self joins?
	In Power Query---Create a duplicate and implement merge
	In DAX: Using Earlier, Earliest functions
	
Q: If we add data in excel, how it reflects in Power BI?
     You have 100 rows and 5 cols in excel--> Loaded to PBI Desktop
	You have added 50 more rows and 2 more cols-->Refresh Query at PBI Dektop to bring them.
	
	Go to the query->right click(...)-> Refresh [Individual query]
	Home menu-> Refresh [all tables]
		
	Note: It's a full refresh [truncate and load]
	
	
Q: Does Power BI has full load and delta load?
	Full load: Complete data taking from source without any filters.
					[The above options for full load only].
					It is good if we have limited volumes of data.
					
	Delta load or incremental load: To take required interval or period data			
					When we have more volumes at source, you want to retrieve limited 
					or required data, then we go for incremental load.
					Table-> right click(...)-> Incremental Refresh
					
					
Q: Drill through practice again...filter clear

Q: Does customer provide bar, line etc. charts as part of requirements?

Q: How to create folders for set of tables?
	Power Query: Groups
	Power View: Modeling Area: Display Folder to keep set of fields in a folders
	
Q: Power Query Vs. Power Pivot?
	Power Query: A technology to extract and transform data
	Power Pivot: A storage, modeling (relationships, calculations) and partial visualization area 
	
Q: If column names are different, then do you map?
	In real-time, we will understand business and accordingly we will map.
	To match this situation, I explained in the case study 1, did in one table, deptid in another table.
	
	
Q: Can we use one dashboard as template in another area?
Yes, we can export our current report as a template (File menu->Export-> Template),
you can pass it your colleagues to generate their own reports (Import_>PBI Template)


Q: Can we add data manually?
	You can create manual tables (home menu-> click on grid icon)
	
	You can't perform update, delete, and row add operations in a table in Power BI
	(or any BI tool / application). DWH, BI, and Analytics applications are non-volatile
	(no change of data, because already processed data we are taking and we don'table
	have any authority to work on except bringing it in a proper shape)
	
	Note: You can replace and you can delete records during analysis only.